c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll.config
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.pdb
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.pdb
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll.config
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.pdb
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\NaCl.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\PusherServer.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\NaCl.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Buffers.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Memory.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.Up2Date
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.dll
C:\Users\nguye\OneDrive\Desktop\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.pdb
